I don't know I've got a lot better off
if I would a study more when I was
growing up you know but you know where
it all went wrong was the day they
started the spelling bee cuz up until
that day I was an idiot but nobody else
know you know I'm the spelling bee day
you know popped up all right kids up
against a wall chart for public
humiliation saw the word wrong sit out
in front your friends now that's great
little ego say look at me I'm a moron I
wasn't even close I was used in numbers
and stuff that's why I admired that kid
who spelled it wrong and purpose so I
could sit down you know you knew it
wasn't gonna win so I stand here for
three hours first round cat k ay t I'm
out of here and as he passed you I know
there's two T's I remember my teacher
asked me Brian what's the i before e
role um i before e always what are you
an idiot prime well apparently so she
explains it no bra in its i before E
except after C and what sounding like a
is a neighboring way and I'm weekends
and holidays and all thrown a and you'll
always be wrong about what you say it's
a hard rule
it's a rough rule girls were hired to
Brian how do you make word a plural you
put an ass you put an s at the end of it
when on weekends and holidays no Brian
let me show you so she asked his kid
into everything Irwin Irwin or what is
he plural for art auction the farmer
used his oxen Brian right what's the
plural for box boxing I bought two boxes
of donuts no Brian now let's try another
one Irwin what is he plural for goose
geese I saw a flock of geese Brian oh
wow it's a plural for moose
muhsin s a flock of moosa there are many
of them very much mousse it out in the
woods and the wood is in the woods in
the midst one food food is he eaten is
it the Me's one food and avoiding
innocent and who food in a wooded engine
Brian Brian you're an imbecile in the
sullen pretty speaking German Brian
German Jermaine Jermaine Jackson Jackson
fuck chido Brown what the hell are you
talking about oh no no really I think
the worst day there was the day the
science project was still waking up that
morning I was fun huh you're headed pop
off your pillow oh no that's due today
nine months to work on I did nothing of
a cardboard box Oh boxin and you show up
you're scared cuz you're anything good
and you found out all the other kids
their parents made theirs for him I
hated dad you know their Backman on
flatbed trucks one kid with a volcano he
did how to zip up his own pants but he
built the ball Kuehne had you swinging
I don't know what to do for my projects
I brought in a paper cup though with
dirt just hoping she'd know I'm an idiot
and just walk right now what do you have
there Brian it's a cup of dirt just put
enough on there let me go home we'll
explain it well it's a cop with dirt in
it I call it cup of dirt you should move
on now you go ahead and move on and on
down the line here so she looked at this
one kid there was a kid in my class he
made the same solar system like 19 years
in a row you know bunch of styrofoam
balls all together with coat hangers hey
you're breaking some new ground there
Copernicus he's going to big yellow ones
your son the yellow one is son okay all
right what are these other planets the
big yellow it is a sign all right calm
down all right